Add content for Nodes, Workloads, Dashboard and Security Events and JIRA NVSHAS-7522, NVSHAS-9293 and NVSHAS-8148 (#109)
neuvector/docs: docs/06.scanning/02.registry/02.registry.md

After the scan is completed you will see the results below it. Click on the repository/tag to see vulnerabilities and click on the vulnerability to see more info. You can also download the report in a CSV file or see the results in the Event logs.

> From v5.4.0 NeuVector provide "View all scanned images". Users don't have to look into registry to see a specific image. Instead, users can click the last row to get all scanned image list in one stop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From v5.4.0 NeuVector provides a "View all scanned images" option. Users don't have to look into a registry to see a specific image. Instead, users can click the last row to list all scanned images.
```

![Registry](view-all-scanned-images.png)

> Users can also land to Registries page and open specific image from the hyperlink from Containers page. If the image name is not clickable, it means that the image has not been scanned yet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users can also land on the Registries page and open specific images from the hyperlink from the Containers page. If the image name is not clickable, it means that the image has not been scanned yet.
```

Author: Fixed
